so big see it was a big see different
Felicity this is a free she got a lot of
things she lost a lot of things what is
you know aside from early with Oliver
what is it that Felicity is looking for
now you know like if she has the mansion
loves but you know what else is she
looking for
she's also testing
Travis now
well with with the eventual return of
the two of you everyone to pick the
beloved instead of fighting about you I
mean are we gonna see the physicality
from
I do think it would be irresponsible to
not be training her there's a lot that
we buy
because
I do
she ran off
pretty
believer
are we doing ready
together like they've never spent time
and there
because they've been away
are they gonna be any hints to Daddy
smoked I don't know like I precipitate
Damien but I don't know
and I feel like
now Charlotte is amazing she is such a
strong character
now what's up but fancy very split yeah
how do you feel about that
do you think they were
Beth
I
respect
I don't justify her
I think I can she
and I think that was a really important
and
what equipment is about Felicity's role
on big setup because I believe you're
gonna be on it
Amex and the new animated show
yeah I read I read somewhere that you
and Colonel Valentine gland doesn't seem
in a malware I'm gonna be honest I'll
mix in that you know
maybe I will admit this reading right
that was like testing my brain very good